docs(configuration): add tip for `xxhash64` algorithm support for hashing (#5493)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/output.mdx

Make sure that the hashing function will have `update` and `digest` methods available.

> T> Since `webpack v5.54.0+`, `hashFunction` supports `xxhash64` as a fast algorithm. It will be used as default when [`experiments.futureDefaults`](/configuration/experiments/#experimentsfuturedefaults) is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T> Since `webpack v5.54.0+`, `hashFunction` supports `xxhash64` as a faster algorithm, which will be used as default when [`experiments.futureDefaults`](/configuration/experiments/#experimentsfuturedefaults) is enabled.
```
